the reason I haven't really been
vlogging for a few weeks while being
back was that I really wasn't doing that
great emotional iam and it's still
really hard because normally I you know
my mom and I would send each other
videos and yeah like she was a really
really big part of our lives and you
kind of realize like every day that
that's gone so I I just I just didn't
feel like I was ready to belong everyone
Elena and I'm back were never Cambridge
vlog and it's been a while since I did a
vlog but yeah we're back so it's Friday
and I have a super vision today I
normally don't have a solution today but
my supervision got rescheduled because
normally it's on Tuesdays but someone
was sick so we have today so I had lots
of extra time for doing extra readings
and I ended up with 46 pages of notes
for one supervision yeah that's not
great but on the other hand we have done
before reading so that's great so I'm
gonna go I'm get breakfast now and I'm
gonna go to the faculty go over my notes
just to make sure that you know I know
what I'm doing and then I'm just quickly
gonna go over some of the questions that
we're gonna go over in this division and
yeah then I'm gonna write a problem
question also for international law but
that is for the last supervision we can
just hand it in basically whenever so
I'm gonna finish writing that and yeah
that's pretty much a plan for most of
the day and then in the evening I'm
gonna go for halfway hole which is an
event for students who you know
basically have completed 50 percent of
their degree which is crazy to think but
yes I actually have completed fifty
percent of my degree at Cambridge that's
crazy so yeah that's pretty much the
plan for today
lots of work reading and international
law and then some fun so yeah let's do
it as you can see my college st. John's
looks a little bit like a castle I love
walking through there because it is just
so pretty there was very cold that day
and our faculty is very modern which is
quite a contrast to my college but I
like the faculty and the low library
within it because the low library is an
amazing place to study and they have
super super nice librarians so if you
ever need help they are very very
willing to help you whatever you're
researching at the moment and I also
managed to get my favorite study spot in
the low library which is this particular
seat I don't know why but this is my
spot and then I went over my notes of
international law because I knew that I
probably not get to go over 46 pages of
notes in the afternoon so I just did it
in the morning and after that I
highlighted some things in a problem
question that I had to write a problem
questions just a factual scenario which
raises legal issues and then you write
about them and after that I had one
lecture which was land law it was about
easements and it actually was quite
interesting so I really enjoyed it and
I'm back in room now and basically the
plan now is to just do more work because
that's kind of always the plan oh yeah
um so I'm gonna finish writing my
problem question for international law
it is now 1:00 p.m. I just had lunch
with a friend here in college which
honestly was great it was a good break
for Mike you know a very productive day
so far actually I'm quite happy so I'm
gonna keep writing not I'm gonna finish
it hopefully in an hour that's kind of
what I'm aiming for and yeah then I just
will go over my stuff for my soup but
one more time to make sure I'm prepared
and yeah maybe look at you know what
else I have to do but really the goal is
finished a PQ and just maybe look a
little bit of international so yeah
let's do it
[Music]
three hours later hi guys I'm back from
my seat belt it was so good oh my god
like I am so happy about the soup oh and
look what happened I just got back and
season is here in like super high heels
getting ready for halfway Hall yeah I
know I put like gel pads on them cuz I
want to weddings and then you can't
really wear stockings and really high
heels cause by you know you're slippery
and I was like but I kind of need the
rest okay and I kinda useful so gently
not for halfway home so I'm trying them
on with salt so guys um halfway halls
apparently a little more fancy than I
fought so well yeah that means it's
fancy again there we go so I'm gonna
have to figure something out it is now
oh the college gown okay good
so I'll figure something out so now it
is 4:40 um so I still have some time I
think I'm now gonna take like a short
break because the supervision was very
intense but it was so good guys I think
this was the best suit version I had
like in my entire year like I feel like
I was we didn't help the first despite
the fact that I had 46 pages of notes
yeah that's what happens when you give
me time to do the first reading I just
go a little crazy but um I think they
look really really nice especially like
in the end where like I was like I even
took the time to you know look up
graphics and stuff and adding it into it
so I'm really happy with these notes
even though they're incredibly expensive
but yeah so now I'm gonna need a little
break because my brain is fried
this was really interesting but
supervisions are
for super-intense so I think I'm gonna
give myself on to five and I'm just
gonna drink some tea and read a little
bit in a book that I'm currently
rereading because it was so good and I
actually don't have a new book to read
at the moment so I'm reading the
starless C again
honestly it's like probably the best
fantasy book I've read in ages it's
about a guy who finds a mysterious book
and the book seems to know things about
him and it describes this kind of
magical place which is basically a
massive library with a starless sea and
lots of interesting stuff and a lot of
myths are connected to it and everything
and it seems like suddenly this place is
real and people you know know how to get
there and they also know how to stop
people from going there and yeah it's
really really good it has a lot of
suspense I really really enjoy it I mean
reading it the second time just kind of
shows how well thought through the story
is because oh my god I don't know how I
offered too many hope is up because
there are so many different story lines
in there but they all feed into this
bigger storyline and it's just so well
written and there are no plot holes and
we love that so I'm gonna read a little
bit that make myself some tea and then
we're gonna get back to work 20 minutes
late now okay guys so it's been a little
while I did some reading and now I
really need to clean up my desk could be
good it looks disgusting I can't work on
it so like you know it's just exploded
here oh yeah basically this is just what
it looked like because I was writing my
problem question here he's our old notes
from a supervision which need to be
filed this stuff just needs to be
cleaned up same for this this is the you
know food I mean I know I have no talent
for making food also I didn't bring it
so I'm think I'm just going to eat it
later and then I need to unpack my bags
that I took for my supervision and yeah
that my backpack and yeah it's a mess
it's also I found out I also signed up
for drinks
so I actually have to go earlier because
halfway Hall is later and then we have
some drinks beforehand and the drinks
started 6:30 food is only gonna be
served and like 7:45 I'm already hungry
it is not even 6:00 I'm seriously
considering just like smuggling a few
chicken McNuggets in there not sure how
that's gonna fly but you know and girls
go do what a girl's gonna do so yeah now
let's clean up this desk and get some
work done before we go and get ready so
[Music]
guys my desk looks a lot better than it
did a few minutes ago and now I'm gonna
work on these so these are my
supervision notes because in
international law my supervisor doesn't
allow laptops or anything electronic
that's always print out everything and
then I handwrite this and now I'm just
gonna type it out this doesn't really
require much brain activity which is
good because I'm really tired I don't
even know how I'm gonna get through
halfway Hall but yeah I'm gonna type
these up and yeah then I'm gonna get
ready because halfway Hall is upon us so
yeah I still don't know what I'm gonna
wear but frankly I don't care I just
want food that's done so whenever I read
out my supervision notes I just trying
to make sure that it's as clear as
possible so that I just get you know the
most important information down because
the way it works in Cambridge is you
have your lecture handouts then you have
your reading notes for supervisions and
then you also have your supervision
notes and you later on have to make your
study notes from these three components
so you know the more you can condense it
the better
furgus I haven't fully finished my notes
from today's supervision but it's not
looking bad we just basically went
through a problem question in the super
and it was really really interesting
subversion was on the use of force I
really really like the topic um because
it's just something you know that you
read about and in use and then something
you understand like the legal context
and it's pretty cool so anyway now it's
time to get ready for an ever social
event and late I couldn't get out of we
love it um so yeah it's gotta be great I
need to find something to wear which is
an issue because I have no idea what I'm
gonna wear um see Jen already looks so
good and I'm just here yeah um allow me
exhibit a she's already like wearing
like a fancy dress like sitting there
like well I don't
oh let's see what I have in my
repertoire guys here we go
this is Elena's repertoire I could wear
my snake print dress which is like my
go-to for everything but I feel like I
wear this all the time um so I'm gonna
go for it is and yeah then I give you
guys an update when hopefully I'm
dressed properly
so guys it turns out see Jen knows my
wardrobe better than I do because I do
have a white dress yeah sort of dress my
mom bought this for me and I think it
looks really really nice um and then of
course I'm wearing my college gown which
yeah I know like it makes you look like
you're in Harry Potter but also it kind
of has like all the nice parts of your
outfit first world problems so I'm gonna
bring this bag to formal which I got as
a gift from Teddy Blake thank you so so
much I really really appreciate it
I've gotten this a while ago but I still
wear a lot because I really like it
so yeah off to formal and socializing we
go also see Jen looks so fancy yes you
do
so the plan now is we're gonna go and
get drinks for our teacher and then
we're gonna go to form a whole I don't
know if I will be able to film in Hall
because usually it's a no filming area
but only you know when the fellows
arrive but the fingers older fellows are
probably gonna be there already I think
some of the side things like gone you
know of course not so I'm gonna see if I
can get like a little bit of footage I
will put it in if I conned I'm sorry
so yeah let's go the audio was too bad
so you can just see my friends here and
you can read what they were saying but
basically it was a really really good
time we took some nice pictures if you
want to see your pictures go to my
Instagram where I shared them but yet it
was actually a lot of fun despite me
being so introverted and here you can
see the hall our formal hall is
beautiful we only go there for special
dinners but you can book yourself into a
nice formal basically most days of the
week so yeah good morning guys it is the
next day and I'm sorry I didn't feel
last night but yeah I go back at like
11:00 and I just fell into my bed and
slept and you know woke up at 6:30 and
did like a really lazy morning until now
when 10:00 a.m. so we need to do work um
but I did do one thing this morning
which is I set up a newsletter because I
wanted to do this for a long time
because people always say you know I
like your blog but like I never know
when you post because you don't have any
notifications or anything for it which
is true I wouldn't know how to do that
so I set up a newsletter which comes out
once a week and it just basically
compiles what I've been up to in two
different corners of the internet like
YouTube my website my law website
because I just do 7al of different
places on the internet and I feel like
it's a bit of a mess um so you know
having one condensed email just
summarizes it for people I'm Jenn my
Instagram stories don't turn into a
constant promotion off post and I write
somewhere so yeah I really thought of it
I feel like it looks pretty cool so this
is obviously just like the welcome email
the first one is gonna come out tomorrow
but yeah if you guys are interested I'm
gonna put the sign up link in the info
box below but basically
it's just you know a way of sharing what
I'm doing so now it's time to actually
do work yay
so I still have to finish these notes
for my international subversion because
I didn't follow finish them yesterday
so that's we're going to do it first
that shouldn't take too long that's like
a ten minute thing and they were quickly
going to print them out and that's up
and then we're gonna do some readings
for jurisprudence because we need to
have a solution someday so yeah we have
to you know read the good thing is it's
not a law of reading and judge prudence
is relatively little reading in terms of
like pages but you just have to engage
with it a lot more so that's pretty much
the plan for today just read a lot of
jurisprudence and yeah that's that so
let's do it
so here is me writing at my supervision
news and I always like to print them out
immediately that's why I also bought a
printer because sometimes it's just not
worth walking to the library but I
always try to make sure to print stuff
immediately so that it actually ends up
in my folder where it belongs because
otherwise you know you forget about it
and then you don't use it when you're
making your study notes so I try to keep
these folders as updated as possible
with all of my notes and everything that
I would need for making study notes and
after that I then went over my notes
from jurisprudence from distribution
before just to make sure that I know
what is going on there so that I can you
know then stop my next chapter of
jurisprudence knowing what's going on
because we're still on the same
Philosopher's so that was quite useful
and yep then it was time to do some
reading which I did in my favorite study
spot but it's just next by my window
which is honestly a quite nice place to
read
[Music]
many hours later hi guys it's a lot
later it is on the other day so what
have I done
and lots of reading for jurisprudence
but not as much as I'd like to so we can
have to get up at 4:00 tomorrow and fish
it that's the plan because yes I do get
up at 4:00 a.m. sometimes um my Dana
live video has gotten quite a little
views and I love people come and say
like what's wrong with you you getting
up before a.m. but honestly it's working
for me and you know if something works
for you and you're productive doing it
and you're fine doing it and do it and
you know favorite people they will do
better if they just stay up until like
midnight or something and work and then
they sleep longer and that's cool too
everybody has different productive times
and for me it's the morning so that's
just how I work but yeah I think now I'm
gonna read a little bit more in a book
that I've already read so it's kind of
like weird because I can already tell
you guys that it's amazing something I'm
just gonna read a little bit more in
doubt and I'm gonna go to bed um yeah as
I said this book is really really
amazing if you guys are interested in it
I'm gonna put a link in the info box
below but basically it's just a great
great fantasy book I highly highly
recommend it but yeah I think this was
almost the end of the vlog but I did
just quickly want to show you something
because I did see quite a few comments
under my earlier videos just yet I'm you
know please do vlogs again stuff and I
just wanted to explain why I haven't
really been doing vlogs until now it's a
few weeks into the term normally I vlog
from the beginning onwards the reason is
it has been kind of hard for me to come
back to uni after the winter break
because if you've seen my you know year
review of 2019 you probably know 2019
ended on like a really really bad note
for me because my rabbit died and coming
back here was kinda hard because my
entire room is filled with like things
related to her like
literally just on my desk I have this
and then I also have this one so it's
just a lot you know and like my entire
room has things related to rabbits like
here on just my coffee table or right
above my bed there's a picture of her
there's a little stuffed animal here
there's another stuffed animal here
basically you get the problem so when I
came back like the first day it was
really not great um so yeah the reason I
haven't really been vlogging for a few
weeks while being back was that I really
wasn't doing that great emotional iam
and it's still really hard because
normally I you know my mom and I would
send each other videos and yeah like she
was a really really big part of our
lives and you kind of realize like every
day that that gone so I I just I just
didn't feel like I was ready to vlog
because it's a commitment and I also
don't want to you know make you guys sad
with my videos that's not the point of
my channel so yeah basically that's the
reason why I haven't been vlogging that
much it was just really really hard for
me to come back but yeah I I felt ready
now what to do it again so that's why
I'm back and I hope you you guys enjoyed
this vlog thank you for just giving me
time to you know decide when I'm ready
to go back to vlogging I enjoy blogging
I like it a lot but I just needed some
time to kind of just you know at times
just sit in my room and stare at a
picture of my rabbit and make of her and
yeah that's why um thank you so much for
you know being here supporting my
channel it really means a lot um and
thank you to everybody who reached out
after it has happened to my rabbit
because it really really helps a lot so
yeah thank you so much for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed it
by